Package management is a method of installing and maintaining (which includes updating and probably removing as well) software on the system.

In the early days of Linux, programs were only distributed as source code, along with the required man pages, the necessary configuration files, 
and more. Nowadays, most Linux distributors use by default pre-built programs or sets of programs called packages, 
which are presented to users ready for installation on that distribution.

**Working of Package Management System**
                  If a certain package requires a certain resource such as a shared library, or another package, it is said to have a dependency. All modern package 
                  management systems provide some method of dependency resolution to ensure that when a package is installed, all of its dependencies are installed as well.
                  
In order to perform the task of package management effectively, we have two types of available utilities:

Low-level Package tool: 
                  These are tools which handle in the backend the actual installation, upgrade, and removal of package files

High-level Package tool:
                  These are tools which are in charge of ensuring that the tasks of dependency resolution and metadata searching -”data about the data”- are performed
                  
    DISTRIBUTION	          LOW-LEVEL TOOL	    HIGH-LEVEL TOOL
    
Debian and derivatives	       dpkg	               apt-get
       CentOS	                 rpm	                 yum
       
1. dpkg: It is a low-level package manager for Debian-based systems. It can install, remove, provide information about and build *.deb packages but it can’t automatically 
        download and install their corresponding dependencies.
        
2. apt-get: It is a high-level package manager for Debian and derivatives, and provides a simple way to retrieve and install packages, including dependency resolution, 
            from multiple sources using the command line. Unlike dpkg, apt-get does not work directly with *.deb files, but with the package proper name.
            
3. rpm: It is the package management system used by Linux Standard Base (LSB)-compliant distributions for low-level handling of packages. Just like dpkg, it can query,
        install, verify, upgrade, and remove packages, and is more frequently used by Fedora-based distributions, such as RHEL and CentOS.
